Adaptability	The need to consider adaptability arose in the context of factory planning, where it is an objective to develop modular, adaptable systems.
Adaptability	The term “adaptation” refers to a process where an interactive system (adaptive system) adapts its behaviour to individual users based on information acquired about its user(s) and its environment. Adaptation is one of the three pillars of empiricism in Scrum.
Adaptability	An adaptive system is a set of interacting or interdependent entities, real or abstract, forming an integrated whole that together are able to respond to environmental changes or changes in the interacting parts, in a way analogous to either continuous physiological homeostasis or evolutionary adaptation in biology.
Adaptability	Artificial adaptive systems include robots with control systems that utilize negative feedback to maintain desired states.
Adaptability	One of the most important qualities of self-adjusting systems is its “adaptation to the edge of chaos” or ability to avoid chaos. Practically speaking, by heading to the edge of chaos without going further, a leader may act spontaneously yet without disaster.
Adaptability	Even if the user-centered design process implemented in a project guarantees a certain degree of user acceptance and yields a richer understanding of the context of use, the completed product's ability to adapt to changing conditions still plays a central role for broad acceptance.
Adaptability	For this reason, developers implement techniques of adaptation into the system in order to react to changing conditions as fast as possible.
Adaptability	The example application scenario clearly shows an important distinction concerning such adaptation techniques: the differentiation between manually and automatically performed adaptation processes.
Adaptability	Accordingly, the term adaptation decomposes into the two terms adaptivity and adaptability. Adaptivity indicates a system that adapts automatically to its users according to changing conditions, i.e. an adaptive system. Adaptability refers to users that can substantially customise the system through tailoring activities by themselves, i.e. an adaptable system. Adaptive and adaptable systems are complementary to each other.
Adaptability	Changing conditions trigger the execution of an adaptation. Many characteristics might be taken into account as catalysts for such an adaptation process. They can be clustered into three main categories: inter-individual, intra-individual and environmental differences.
Adaptability	Software is constantly changing, and it needs to be continuously modified and expanded as various factors such as applications, hardware, users, and society change.
Adaptability	Software must follow human conventions and adapt to existing technologies and systems. Software needs to change with different interfaces and change over time. These changes are the result of different people’s designs. Many complexities come from maintaining other interfaces. Any redesign of the software cannot simplify these complex features.
Adaptability	The ability of a software product to be modified. Modifications may include amendment, improvement or adaptation to changes in the environment, requirements, and functional specifications.
Adaptability	Effectively adapt to changes in user needs. I don’t know how many cycles there are, and the progress is difficult to control.
Adaptability	Experience in risk assessment is needed to adapt to internal large-scale software development.
Adaptability	Adaptive maintenance: modify the software to adapt to different operating environments, including hardware changes, operating system changes, database replacement and other support software changes.
Adaptability	Complete maintenance: increase or modify the functions of the system to adapt to business changes.
Adaptability	Maintainability: After the software is delivered and used, it can be modified to correct latent errors, improve performance and other attributes, and adapt the software product to environmental changes.
Adaptability	In software design, the software's modularity, abstraction and information concealment, localization, consistency and adaptability are usually considered.
Adaptability	Adaptive maintenance is the maintenance work performed in order to adapt the system to changes in the environment.
Adaptability	Institutional adjustments, changes in management systems, and changes in data and information requirements will cause the system to fail to adapt to the new application environment.
Adaptability	Therefore, it is necessary to adjust the system to adapt to changes in application objects and meet the needs of users.
Adaptability	According to the statistical results of the distribution of various maintenance tasks, general corrective maintenance accounted for 21%, adaptive maintenance accounted for 25%, perfect maintenance accounted for 50%, and preventive maintenance and other types of maintenance accounted for only 4%.
Adaptability	Adaptive maintenance: Modifications made after the software product is delivered to keep the software product can continue to be used in the changed or changing environment.
Adaptability	After the software is delivered and used, it can be modified to correct latent errors, improve performance and other attributes, and adapt the software product to environmental changes, etc.
Adaptability	In software design, the software's modularity, abstraction and information concealment, localization, consistency and adaptability are usually considered. Appropriate design methods help to achieve these characteristics to achieve the goals of software engineering.
Adaptability	Adding or modifying external equipment and other system components, the service life of the application software is much longer than the life of the operating environment when the software was originally developed. The process of modifying the software to adapt the software to this change is called adaptive maintenance.
Adaptability	If the application is for adaptive maintenance or perfection maintenance, the user must submit a modification specification listing all desired modifications.
Adaptability	Many maintenance requirements are not made because of errors in the program, but are made to adapt to changes in the environment or changes in requirements.
Adaptability	It is easy to modify the reusable software components so that they can be used in the new environment again. Therefore, the more reusable components used in the software, the easier it is to maintain adaptability and integrity.
Adaptability	It is difficult to adapt and maintain a program with a poor data system structure. Therefore, the data system structure has a greater impact on the long-term viability of the program than the source code.
Adaptability	As the data environment changes or the processing environment changes during the use of the software, the software needs to be modified to adapt to such changes.
Adaptability	In software design, the software's modularity, abstraction and information concealment, localization, consistency and adaptability are usually considered. Appropriate design methods help to achieve these characteristics to achieve the goals of software engineering.
Adaptability	The E-type software system must continue to adapt to changes in the real world, otherwise it will gradually become less useful.
Adaptability	In terms of quality, the E-type software system is rejected unless strictly managed and adapted to the ever-changing business environment.
Adaptability	In the field of software engineering, the process is not a strict regulation of how to build computer software, but an adaptable adjustment method so that the staff (software team) can select suitable work actions and task sets.
Adaptability	As mentioned earlier in this section, the software engineering process is not a dogmatic rule, nor does it require the software team to execute it mechanically; it should be flexible and adaptable.
Adaptability	Make adaptive adjustments according to the problems to be solved by the software, project characteristics, development team and organizational culture.
Adaptability	To develop a software system with adaptive capabilities, we need to identify and analyze the software system's functional and performance requirements, but also identify and analyze the software system's adaptive requirements to clarify which environmental changes and how the software system should perceive Perceive these environmental changes and how to self-adjust when changes occur.
Adaptability	We can not only analyze the adaptability of software to respond to known and unknown environmental changes, but also identify the feedback loops corresponding to environmental changes to clarify the phenomena that the software system needs to perceive, control phenomena, and specific controls in order to respond to environmental changes. Measures and entities involved in the entire adaptive behavior.
Adaptability	For an adaptive software system, we can regard the software and the environment in which it acts as an adaptive control system.
Adaptability	The feedback loop gives the software the adaptive ability to respond to environmental changes, and reflects adaptive behaviors such as adaptive software monitoring, analysis and control.
Adaptability	Adaptive maintenance: The activity of modifying the software in line with the changed environment; accounts for 18-25% of the maintenance workload.
Adaptability	Administrators can use the rule management interface to conveniently view rules, modify rules, add rules, and configure rules to adapt to new policy changes.
Adaptability	Adaptive maintenance is regarded as the process of modifying software to adapt to changes in the system environment.
Adaptability	The application of software engineering technology and database design has important strategic significance. On the one hand, it can improve the efficiency of database design, and on the other hand, it can also increase the flexibility and adaptability of the database.
Adaptability	The continuous growth and adaptability of software depend to a large extent on the environment in which users work.
Adaptability	Need to make adaptive adjustments to meet the needs of new computing environments or technologies.
Adaptability	The software architecture must be changed to adapt to the evolving computing environment.
Adaptability	The process of modifying the software in order to adapt the application software to the continuous changes of computer hardware, software environment and data environment is called adaptive maintenance.