Auditability	The construction unit can quickly review the accuracy of its data through the bim sharing platform, improve the efficiency of settlement of project progress payments, and reduce time costs.
Auditability	Software engineering supervision agencies need to conduct comprehensive analysis and review of software quality, safety, and benefits, and at the same time need to conduct qualification review of the project contractor.
Auditability	Conduct qualification review of the contractor to ensure that the contractor has sufficient project strength and select the most suitable unit from multiple contractors.
Auditability	The supervision agency also needs to review the system design plan submitted by the construction unit, and at the same time conduct a quality review of the equipment and materials provided by the construction unit.
Auditability	The cost control goal of the software engineering supervision system is to maximize the actual profit. The business owners and the supervision agency need to comprehensively review the project cost budget.
Auditability	After the project is completed, it is necessary to conduct a comprehensive review and supervision of the project settlement to ensure that the project payment is in line with reality.
Auditability	Review the design budget of the review project, and the supervision agency will make a detailed budget of the cost, materials, and equipment of the plan, and review the rationality of each expenditure.
Auditability	Review the terms of the contract to ensure that the contract signed by the owner and the construction unit complies with the legal norms, while ensuring that the contract quotation meets the interests of both parties.
Auditability	Review the engineering changes. There are a lot of randomness in the construction of software engineering, which needs to be modified according to project requirements.
Auditability	Information is the basis of project control. Supervisors need to fully collect, organize, and integrate project information according to project conditions, and at the same time strengthen the confidentiality of key information to provide data for project review.
Auditability	Through the online progress reporting function in the system, the online reporting and auditing functions are provided for the units involved in the project, so as to minimize the review time of the project in the intermediate links.
Auditability	The company is responsible for accounting for the company’s management expenses, summarizing the construction costs of the entire enterprise, reviewing and summarizing the cost reports of subordinate units, and conducting comprehensive cost analysis and assessment.
Auditability	Review the contracts of engineering, materials and equipment, and sign opinions and submit them to the leaders for approval.
Auditability	The electrical engineer is responsible for project changes, negotiations, visa review, and coordination with the budget department's budget and final accounts.
Auditability	Use natural language processing and other technologies to establish an auxiliary audit model for function points, reduce the workload and cost of manual analysis of requirements specifications, and improve the efficiency of function point auditing.
Auditability	By establishing text analysis capabilities, a large amount of manual review workload is reduced and the efficiency of demand management is improved.
Auditability	Review the construction contract, carefully review the software engineering functions, technical indicators, test content, acceptance requirements, and responsibilities of both parties in the contract.
Auditability	In the bidding stage, the software developer has not yet entered the project, so the main responsibility of the supervisor is to review and confirm, and do the basic work in the early stage.
Auditability	Review whether the requirements of the software system are reasonable, whether the implementation route, key technologies, etc. are reasonable, and sign the review opinions.
Auditability	Organize owners and professionals to conduct detailed reviews of software engineering project testing plans and acceptance plans, and sign the review opinions.
Auditability	Review the schedule plan in accordance with the contract requirements, confirm the feasibility and rationality of the schedule plan, and sign the review opinions.
Auditability	In the design stage, the key content of supervision is to conduct detailed, careful and careful review of the design plan.
Auditability	The supervision tasks in the coding phase are mainly to review the personnel, equipment, and schedule of the project team to ensure that software engineering development can be carried out smoothly in accordance with the schedule.
Auditability	In the construction of a tax management system, in order to effectively control the quality of the project, the supervision unit attaches great importance to the review of the demand analysis results in the demand writing link.
Auditability	The need analysis book is established in the form of text records, and the customer is required to review the need analysis book in order to achieve a result that is highly consistent with the real expectations of the customer.
Auditability	Requirements changes must be proposed by a unified person in charge and approved by the review leader of user requirements.
Auditability	After the supplier information is collected, the procurement specialist can be arranged to conduct inspections, qualification review and classification of the suppliers to facilitate the formulation of later procurement strategies and the development of procurement work.
Auditability	The contracting party should promptly and fully analyze the contents of the plan, and should compare and review it in detail with the enterprise's plan, so as to understand whether the outsourcer's arrangement of the entire project and resources matches the requirements of the project itself.
Auditability	Strict legal provisions and strict contract review are used to protect intellectual property rights and commercial secrets.
Auditability	The supervision during the project initiation phase consists of reviewing the project components, the project implementation plan and the project implementation plan submitted by the developer.
Auditability	Supervise the design of system architecture, division of functional modules and business logic, database logic and physical design, object class and object interface design, authority allocation mechanism, interface design, etc. according to the Requirements Specifications, and review the generated design diagrams and documents.
Auditability	The supervisor should review the test plans and test cases of the developer, regularly check the test records, etc., sample and estimate the number of errors according to the test cases, and deploy in the running environment only after meeting the requirements.
Auditability	After the supervisor verifies that the deployment plan is qualified, he first deploys software and hardware operating environment in the user unit, installs software, carries out necessary configuration and debugging, loads experimental data, and then formally deploys it after passing the operation audit.
Auditability	The statistical measurement data of the system is strictly based on the real data generated by the system for statistical analysis, and the system provides the function of reviewing and verifying the analysis and statistical results.
Auditability	Check and review the development scope of the Requirements Specification based on the User Requirements Specification.
Auditability	When reviewing the Requirements Specification, at least example diagrams, sequence diagrams, class diagrams, etc. should be used, and the information to be expressed should be grasped by the three elements of the basic and structured methods.
Auditability	Use case diagrams clearly reflect roles and use cases, and can correspond to the main functional items in the business flow, usually the use cases will be transformed into program menus, mainly used for auditing and checking the business scope.
Auditability	The sequence diagram is used to review and check the granularity of the sequence diagram, which basically corresponds to the business process and data flow.
Auditability	The configuration audit management module is used for regular configuration management audits. According to the configuration audit plan formulated by the configuration planning management module, it reminds users to conduct periodic configuration audits on time.
Auditability	The software is compiled on the basis of the original budgeted project or the bidding project, real-time adjustment and comparison of various cost details, and automatically generates a settlement report or audit report after completion, which can meet the needs of construction units to prepare project settlements or audit units to conduct project cost audit work.
Auditability	The review of related matters on the bidding documents provided by the owner, including technical indicators, technical requirements, bid qualification definition, schedule control requirements, acceptance quality standards, acceptance standards, etc.
Auditability	Review the project budget, project use functions, and goals provided by the owner, and assist them in a reasonable and scientific range from a professional perspective.
Auditability	Review the implementation methods of the key technologies of software engineering provided by the software service provider, match with system requirements, process and technical rationality, etc. At the same time, the supervisor needs to sign the review opinion.
Auditability	Audit the compatibility and interoperability between the target system and the existing system, audit the engineering design scheme, this audit can be carried out jointly with the owner's professional staff to ensure that the supervisory side and the owner's decision-making is consistent, to avoid three-party conflicts.
Auditability	Review the design stage progress and design plan, compare with the construction contract, and sign the review opinion after review.
Auditability	Review the phased test and acceptance plan provided by the service provider.
Auditability	It mainly reviews and confirms relevant goals, designs, and requirements documents provided by software service providers, and provides supervision opinions for unqualified projects.
Auditability	There are some problems in the management of the scientific and technological projects of the Institute, such as the registration of users to fill in the report is prone to errors in format and content to fill in again, the review of users to review the inefficiency of filling in.
Auditability	The auditing agency will examine the activities of the project in accordance with national laws and financial regulations, business policies, management standards, and rules and regulations, to determine whether they are legal, reasonable and effective, to detect errors, to correct defects, to prevent fraud, to improve management, and to ensure the successful achievement of project objectives.
Auditability	Testers design test cases according to the design. The designed use cases need to be approved by project team members and approved by the project manager before they can enter the configuration library.