Backup	In information technology, a backup, or data backup is a copy of computer data taken and stored elsewhere so that it may be used to restore the original after a data loss event.
Backup	Backups can be used to recover data after its loss from data deletion or corruption, or to recover data from an earlier time.
Backup	The backup data needs to be stored, requiring a backup rotation scheme, which is a system of backing up data to computer media that limits the number of backups of different dates retained separately, by appropriate re-use of the data storage media by overwriting of backups no longer needed.
Backup	However, imaging is generally more useful as a way of deploying a standard configuration to many systems rather than as a tool for making ongoing backups of diverse systems.
Backup	An incremental backup stores data changed since a reference point in time. Duplicate copies of unchanged data aren't copied.
Backup	Some backup systems can create a synthetic full backup from a series of incrementals, thus providing the equivalent of frequently doing a full backup.
Backup	Continuous Data Protection instantly saves a copy of every change made to the data. This allows restoration of data to any point in time and is the most comprehensive and advanced data protection.
Backup	Near-CDP backup applications automatically take incremental backups at a specific interval, for example every 15 minutes, one hour, or 24 hours. They can therefore only allow restores to an interval boundary.
Backup	Near-CDP backup applications use journaling and are typically based on periodic "snapshots", read-only copies of the data frozen at a particular point in time.
Backup	This backup method differs from simple disk mirroring in that it enables a roll-back of the log and thus a restoration of old images of data.
Backup	A Reverse incremental backup method stores a recent archive file "mirror" of the source data and a series of differences between the "mirror" in its current state and its previous states.
Backup	A reverse incremental backup method starts with a non-image full backup. After the full backup is performed, the system periodically synchronizes the full backup with the live copy, while storing the data necessary to reconstruct older versions.
Backup	A differential backup saves only the data that has changed since the last full backup. This means a maximum of two backups from the repository are used to restore the data.
Backup	However, as time from the last full backup increases, so does the time to perform the differential backup. Restoring an entire system requires starting from the most recent full backup and then applying just the last differential backup.
Backup	Remote backup services or cloud backups involve service providers storing data offsite. This has been used to protect against events such as fires, floods, or earthquakes which could destroy locally stored backups.
Backup	Making copies of files is the simplest and most common way to perform a backup. A means to perform this basic function is included in all backup software and all operating systems.
Backup	A backup may include only the blocks or bytes within a file that have changed in a given period of time. This can substantially reduce needed storage space, but requires higher sophistication to reconstruct files in a restore situation. Some implementations require integration with the source file system.
Backup	Most backup applications, other than those that do only full only/System imaging, also back up files that have been modified since the last backup.
Backup	One way to back up live data is to temporarily quiesce them, take a snapshot, and then resume live operations. At this point the snapshot can be backed up through normal methods.
Backup	A snapshot is an instantaneous function of some filesystems that presents a copy of the filesystem as if it were frozen at a specific point in time, often by a copy-on-write mechanism. Snapshotting a file while it is being changed results in a corrupted file that is unusable.
Backup	Many backup software applications undertake to back up open files in an internally consistent state. Some applications simply check whether open files are in use and try again later. Other applications exclude open files that are updated very frequently. Some low-availability interactive applications can be backed up via natural/induced pausing.
Backup	Some interrelated database file systems offer a means to generate a hot backup of the database while it is online and usable. This may include a snapshot of the data files plus a snapshotted log of changes made while the backup is running.
Backup	Each file's permissions, owner, group, ACLs, and any other metadata need to be backed up for a restore to properly recreate the original environment.
Backup	Redundancy due to backing up similarly configured workstations can be reduced, thus storing just one copy.
Backup	This potentially large reduction is called deduplication. It can occur on a server before any data moves to backup media, sometimes referred to as source/client side deduplication. This approach also reduces bandwidth required to send backup data to its target media.
Backup	Sometimes backups are duplicated to a second set of storage media. This can be done to rearrange the archive files to optimize restore speed, or to have a second copy at a different location or on a different storage medium—as in the disk-to-disk-to-tape capability of Enterprise client-server backup.
Backup	When there are many more computers to be backed up than there are destination storage devices, the ability to use a single storage device with several simultaneous backups can be useful.
Backup	For example, if a backup system uses a single tape each day to store the incremental backups for all the protected computers, restoring one of the computers could require many tapes.
Backup	The most desirable RPO would be the point just prior to the data loss event. Making a more recent recovery point achievable requires increasing the frequency of synchronization between the source data and the backup repository.
Backup	To avoid or recover from minor disasters, such as inadvertently deleting or overwriting the "good" versions of one or more files, the computer user—rather than an administrator—may initiate backups and restores (from not necessarily the most-recent backup) of files or folders.
Backup	Online folder sync services can be used for backup purposes. However, some Online Folder Sync services may not provide a safe Online Backup. If a file is accidentally locally corrupted or deleted, it depends on the versioning features of a Folder Sync service, whether this file will still be retrievable.
Backup	Differential database backup is smaller than database backup, and the backup speed is faster, so it can be backed up more often, and frequent backup will reduce the risk of data loss.
Backup	You can use transaction log backups to restore the database to a specific point in time (such as the point before the extra data is entered) or to the point of failure.
Backup	Use low-cost storage media to regularly back up system business data to ensure that data can be recovered as soon as possible in case of accidental data loss, and to minimize user losses.
Backup	There are many popular network data backup system solutions, such as LegatoNetWorker, CAARCserve, HPOpenViewOmnibackII, IBMADSM and Veritas' NetBackup.
Backup	The first thing to consider is data migration, which is the process by which the backup application transfers data from the primary storage to the backup storage platform.
Backup	 A method for effectively backing up data where multiple media are systematically moved from storage to usage in the backup process and back to storage.
Backup	The D2T (DisktoTape) method is the traditional method of saving backup data. The basic data flow is: the backup server issues control commands at the corresponding time according to the established strategy, and backs up the data on the main disk of the production server to the tape drive or tape library via LAN or SAN.
Backup	A complete copy of all data or applications at a certain point in time. For a large amount of data, the backup time is longer. Of course, the data is restored quickly.
Backup	Photo backup is to save the current scene in an unchanging state, and then back up the unchanging state.
Backup	XtraBackup is based on InnoDB's crash-recovery function. It will copy the data file of InnoDB. Since the table is not locked, the copied data is inconsistent. Use crash-recovery during recovery to make the data recovery consistent.
Backup	During the prepare process, XtraBackup uses the copied transactionslog to perform crash recovery on the backed up innodb data file.
Backup	Use mysqldump to fully backup mysql from a logical point of view, and implement incremental backup with binary log backup.
Backup	The backup of the hardware configuration and software is stored in the "Online Backup" folder in the project tree. You can then transfer this backup to the device.
Backup	A complete backup system image, including all applications, account settings and configurations, and the operating system to a compressed file.
Backup	In Windows Explorer, users can view the detailed content of the backup image; it also supports direct copying of the backup files and folders.