Capacity	The maximum capacity to process a request when the system is under maximum load or when an indicator reaches the maximum acceptable threshold.
Capacity	Maximum load status The server CPU usage reached 100%.
Capacity	The system memory usage reaches the maximum value, reaching the usage limit.
Capacity	The disk IO latency exceeds the maximum acceptable latency.
Capacity	Disk usage exceeds the maximum limit.
Capacity	The network usage rate reaches the upper limit, which is about to exceed the maximum throughput.
Capacity	Maximum acceptance threshold The number of requests/transactions per second (QPS/TPS).
Capacity	The response time of the system must reach 99% RT.
Capacity	The spike service of Meituan APP must be completed within 0.1 second.
Capacity	A push marketing campaign conducted by an APP has an average daily QPS of 1,000 and a peak QPS of 5,000.
Capacity	Through the stress test, it is found that a single web server can only withstand 1200 QPS, and cache and database db can withstand concurrency pressure.
Capacity	When the water level exceeds the warning line, the system needs to be adjusted horizontally or vertically.
Capacity	The number of requests per second in the system can reach 10,000.
Capacity	The number of simultaneous requests processed by a single server can reach 100,000.
Capacity	The processing time from request development to return shall not exceed 0.1 seconds.
Capacity	We have to do a promotion at night, can the server resist? How many machines do I need if I can’t carry it?
Capacity	The QPS of the web standalone limit is 1200.
Capacity	The percentage of CPU spent by user processes must not exceed 90%.
Capacity	The CPU percentage spent on kernel operations must not exceed 80%.
Capacity	The memory size of frequently read and written files by cache shall not be greater than 2G.
Capacity	The buffer size of the read-write disk in the memory must not exceed 3G.
Capacity	The user feels that the time spent by the software system for its services shall not exceed 3 seconds.
Capacity	The time for the server to complete the transaction request execution shall not exceed 1 second.
Capacity	The time it takes for the network hardware to transmit the transaction request and transaction result shall not exceed 5 seconds.
Capacity	The time spent by the client in constructing the request and displaying the transaction result is very short for ordinary thin-client Web applications and can usually be ignored.
Capacity	Refers to how many transactions or requests or unit data can be processed by the software system per unit time
Capacity	The data traffic transmitted on the network per unit time should reach 500T.
Capacity	Different systems have different requirements for the error rate, but generally it does not exceed 6 per thousand, that is, the success rate is not less than 99.4%.
Capacity	The CPU utilization rate should be lower than the industry warning value range, that is, less than or equal to 75%.
Capacity	CPU sys is less than or equal to 30%.
Capacity	CPU wait is less than or equal to 5%.
Capacity	Under normal circumstances, SWAP exchange space utilization is lower than 70%, too much exchange will cause system performance degradation.
Capacity	Under normal circumstances, the disk busy rate is less than 70%.
Capacity	The network throughput index mainly refers to the number of megabytes of traffic coming in and going out per second. Generally, it cannot exceed 70% of the maximum transmission capacity of the device or link.
Capacity	Maxuprc limits the maximum number of user processes for each user to no more than 10.
Capacity	Max_thread_proc defines the maximum number of threads allowed for each process not to exceed 10.
Capacity	The maximum physical memory that Filecache_max can be used for cache file I/O is 1024 bytes.
Capacity	The maximum number of open i-nodes of the HFS file system in Ninode memory No more than 10.
Capacity	Nkthread limits the number of threads allowed to run at the same time to 20.
Capacity	Nproc limits the number of processes allowed to run at the same time to 50.
Capacity	The maximum number of Nstrpty STREAMS-based pseudo terminals (pts) is 100.
Capacity	The maximum size of the data segment of any user process in Maxdsiz is 2048 bytes.
Capacity	maxfiles_lim The maximum number of file descriptors per process is hardly limited to 100.
Capacity	The maximum size of the text segment of any user process of Maxtsiz is 2048 bytes.
Capacity	The maximum number of system-level System V IPC message queues (IDs) allowed is 300.
Capacity	Specify the number of telnet device files that the kernel can support incoming telnet sessions as 50.
Capacity	The number of System V shared memory segment identifiers in the system does not exceed 100.
Capacity	The garbage collection frequency of the Java virtual machine should reach 200 times per second.
Capacity	Enter the URL in the browser address bar and press Enter until the user sees the first visual mark of the web page within 3 seconds.