Disaster Recovery	In simple language, cold sites are mere empty operational spaces with basic facilities like raised floors, air conditioning, power and communication lines, etc. On occurring of an incident and if the operations can do with a little downtime, alternate facilities are brought to and set up in the cold site to resume operations. A cold site is the least expensive type of backup site for an organization to operate. 
Disaster Recovery	Some components of the system have errors during operation, but they still do not fail and can continue to run; or when data or files are damaged or lost, the system can automatically restore these data to the previous state so that the system can continue to operate normally.
Disaster Recovery	The redundancy of resources, including hardware, software, information, time, etc., can greatly improve the fault tolerance of the system.
Disaster Recovery	Dynamic redundancy is to do some multiple equipment reserves, when the system detects a component failure, the corresponding new component is activated to replace it.
Disaster Recovery	These redundant equipment reserves can work together with the main module or not work, respectively called hot backup and cold backup.
Disaster Recovery	When the system fails, we can capture and store the abnormal information for the record, and then try to let the system continue to execute.
Disaster Recovery	When one or more key parts of the equipment fails, it can automatically detect and diagnose, and take corresponding measures to ensure that the equipment maintains its specified functions, or sacrifice performance to ensure that the equipment continues to work within an acceptable range.
Disaster Recovery	Failover is to ensure that when the test object fails, the running system or a key part of the system can be successfully transferred to other equipment to continue operation, that is, the backup system will "replace" the failed system without losing any opportunity. In order to avoid losing any data or transactions, and does not affect the user's use.
Disaster Recovery	The replication server can still work normally after a network failure. A set of advanced and intelligent store-and-forward mechanism is adopted to ensure the availability of the system; and after the network is connected, the system can automatically continue sending from the previous sending breakpoint, saving users' network resources and reducing sending time.
Disaster Recovery	The American Stratus (fault-tolerant company) uses the Motorola M68000 processor under Stratus's unique hardware-level fault-tolerant technology and VOS proprietary operating system environment.
Disaster Recovery	In 1993, the Intel I860 processor was successfully applied in Stratus' hardware-level fault-tolerant architecture. In terms of software environment, it can also meet the industry's open requirements for the Unix operating system FTX, namely AT&T UNIX SVR4.
Disaster Recovery	In 1996, the fault-tolerant technology was supported by HP and jointly launched the Stratus Continuum series, which combined the Stratus fault-tolerant structure with HP PA-RISC symmetric multiprocessing technology.
Disaster Recovery	The system is abnormal due to incorrect input data, which is a robustness problem caused by low fault tolerance.
Disaster Recovery	The operating system crashes and can be used normally after restarting, indicating that it has a certain degree of recovery and robustness.
Disaster Recovery	Through the temperature management of the equipment or the installation of backup equipment to the operating system, it is possible to start the backup equipment in time when a hardware error occurs, and feedback fault information for timely maintenance.
Disaster Recovery	Once the Flink program crashes unexpectedly, you can selectively restore from these snapshots when you re-run the program, so as to correct the abnormal program data caused by the failure.
Disaster Recovery	Apache Flink needs a powerful fault-tolerant mechanism to ensure that it can quickly and automatically recover in the event of machine failures or network partitions and other unpredictable problems and still produce accurate calculation results.
Disaster Recovery	The cloud computing distributed file system saves multiple copies of data. When a copy fails, the master of the distributed file system will start the copy replication at an appropriate time, so that the number of copies of the data remains the set number, ensuring the data Security.
Disaster Recovery	In a distributed system, in order to ensure high availability and high reliability, services or equipment are usually redundant. When one service or equipment fails, it is directly switched to another service or equipment.
Disaster Recovery	Use multiple components or systems to perform the same function at the same time with a fixed structure and operating mode; use multiple consistent results to shield certain failures.
Disaster Recovery	When a network card fails, SureSave HA can automatically switch the IP address of the failed network card to other standby network cards according to the preset settings to ensure the continuity of network services.
Disaster Recovery	Use database backup and transaction log files to restore the database to the state at the end of the backup through recovery technology. If the failure causes the loss of the transaction log file, it cannot be completely recovered.
Disaster Recovery	Design two sets of the same database system, and synchronize the changed data through the database software mechanism.
Disaster Recovery	Dual physical storage devices are used to make the storage contents of the two hard disks the same. When one hard disk fails, the other backup hard disk is used in time.
Disaster Recovery	Use firewall software to prevent virus intrusion. For database files that have been infected with viruses, use anti-virus software to check and kill. If anti-virus software fails to kill viruses, you can only use database backup files at this time to restore database files in a software fault-tolerant manner.
Disaster Recovery	Restore the database to the state at the end of the backup through database backup and log files.
Disaster Recovery	In the event of a failure, the redundant data stored elsewhere in the system can be used to reconstruct the damaged or incorrect data in the database, and restore the data from the error state to a known correct state, thereby rebuilding a complete database.
Disaster Recovery	When some specified hardware or software errors occur in the system, the system can still execute a specified set of programs, or the programs will not be interrupted or modified due to system failures, and the execution results do not include the faults in the system. The error caused.