Interoperability	If two or more systems use a common data formats and communication protocols and are capable of communicating with each other, they exhibit syntactic interoperability.
Interoperability	Lower-level data formats also contribute to syntactic interoperability, ensuring that alphabetical characters are stored in the same ASCII or a Unicode format in all the communicating systems.
Interoperability	Beyond the ability of two or more computer systems to exchange information, semantic interoperability is the ability to automatically interpret the information exchanged meaningfully and accurately in order to produce useful results as defined by the end users of both systems.
Interoperability	To achieve semantic interoperability, both sides must refer to a common information exchange reference model. The content of the information exchange requests are unambiguously defined: what is sent is the same as what is understood.
Interoperability	Interoperability implies exchanges between a range of products, or similar products from several different vendors, or even between past and future revisions of the same product.
Interoperability	Interoperability may be developed post-facto, as a special measure between two products, while excluding the rest, by using Open standards. When a vendor is forced to adapt its system to a dominant system that is not based on Open standards, it is not interoperability but only compatibility.
Interoperability	Various vendors and individuals (even those who were not part of the original group) can use the standards document to make products that implement the common protocol defined in the standard and are thus interoperable by design。
Interoperability	Cities and urban areas worldwide are expanding, which creates complex spaces with many interactions between the environment, infrastructure and people. In this context, interoperability is important to facilitate system of systems thinking in flood management.
Interoperability	By assessing the complex properties of urban infrastructure systems, particularly the interoperability between the drainage systems and other urban systems, it could be possible to expand the capacity of the overall system to manage flood water towards achieving improved urban flood resilience.
Interoperability	Today, the desktop interoperability has evolved into full-service interop platforms which include container support, basic exchange between web and web, but also native support for other application types and advanced window management.
Interoperability	The very latest interop platforms also include application services such as universal search, notifications, user permissions and preferences, 3rd party application connectors and language adapters for in-house applications.
Interoperability	The capability of different programs to exchange data via a common set of exchange formats, to read and write the same file formats, and to use the same protocols.
Interoperability	The lack of interoperability can be a consequence of a lack of attention to standardization during the design of a program. Indeed, interoperability is not taken for granted in the non-standards-based portion of the computing world.
Interoperability	Java is a great example of an interoperable programming language that allows for programs to be written once and run anywhere with a Java Virtual Machine.
Interoperability	One writing a program in Java, so long as it does not use system-specific functionality, will maintain interoperability with all machines that have a Java Virtual Machine.
Interoperability	This requires that systems formally be tested in a production scenario – as they will be finally implemented – to ensure they actually will intercommunicate as advertised, i.e. they are interoperable.
Interoperability	Interoperable product testing is different from conformance-based product testing as conformance to a standard does not necessarily engender interoperability with another product which is also tested for conformance.
Interoperability	Implements the common standard, or a sub-profile thereof, as defined by the community partnerships with the specific intention of achieving interoperability with other software implementations also following the same standard or sub-profile thereof.
Interoperability	Industry-community partnerships, either domestic or international, sponsor standard workgroups with the purpose to define a common standard that may be used to allow software systems to intercommunicate for a defined purpose.
Interoperability	At times an industry/community will sub-profile an existing standard produced by another organization to reduce options and thus making interoperability more achievable for implementations.
Interoperability	The use of a common technology or IP may speed up and reduce the complexity of interoperability by reducing variability between components from different sets of separately developed software products and thus allowing them to intercommunicate more readily.
Interoperability	This technique has some of the same technical results as using a common vendor product to produce interoperability. The common technology can come through 3rd party libraries or open-source developments.
Interoperability	Software interoperability requires a common agreement that is normally arrived at via an industrial, national or international standard.
Interoperability	Microsoft had abused its market power by deliberately restricting interoperability between Windows work group servers and non-Microsoft work group servers.
Interoperability	The need for “plug-and-play” interoperability – the ability to take a medical device out of its box and easily make it work with one's other devices – has attracted great attention from both healthcare providers and industry.
Interoperability	For passenger rail service, different railway platform height and width clearance standards may also cause interoperability problems.
Interoperability	The parameter most difficult to overcome (at reasonable cost) is incompatibility of gauge, though variable gauge axle systems are increasingly used.
Interoperability	Exchange and share data between different platforms or programming languages.
Interoperability	Interoperable products can operate normally on the same computer without software conflicts.
Interoperability	Verify whether the software product can share and exchange information with one or more compliant systems to achieve mutual cooperation to complete a function.
Interoperability	Through interoperability, you can build generic 3D models, or define information and geometric structures in one system to be used in another system.
Interoperability	Interoperability allows us to use new or components from different cloud service providers to replace existing components at any time, without interrupting tasks in the cloud, and without affecting the exchange of data between different systems.
Interoperability	In the blockchain field, interoperability refers to the properties of independent blockchain protocols or blockchain-based applications that can communicate and cooperate with each other.
Interoperability	According to IEEE's definition, interoperability refers to "the ability to exchange information between two or more systems or components and to use the information that has been exchanged."
Interoperability	Field devices from different manufacturers can work together to send and receive information related to their specific functions.
Interoperability	The functional block of the equipment interoperability test equipment can exchange normal data with other blocks and provide accurate information and mode behavior.