Internationalization and Localization	Internationalization is the process of designing a software application so that it can be adapted to various languages and regions without engineering changes.
Internationalization and Localization	Localization is the process of adapting internationalized software for a specific region or language by translating text and adding locale-specific components.
Internationalization and Localization	Localization which is potentially performed multiple times, for different locales uses the infrastructure or flexibility provided by internationalization which is ideally performed only once before localization, or as an integral part of ongoing development.
Internationalization and Localization	World-readiness is a developer task, which enables a product to be used with multiple scripts and cultures (globalization) and separating user interface resources in a localizable format (localizability, abbreviated to L12y).
Internationalization and Localization	Hewlett-Packard and HP-UX created a system called "National Language Support" or "Native Language Support" (NLS) to produce localizable software.
Internationalization and Localization	According to Software without frontiers, the design aspects to consider when internationalizing a product are "data encoding, data and documentation, software construction, hardware device support, user interaction".
Internationalization and Localization	While the key design areas to consider when making a fully internationalized product from scratch are "user interaction, algorithm design and data formats, software services, documentation".
Internationalization and Localization	Translation is typically the most time-consuming component of language localization.
Internationalization and Localization	For film, video, and audio, translation of spoken words or music lyrics, often using either dubbing or subtitles.
Internationalization and Localization	Text translation for printed materials, digital media possibly including error messages and documentation.
Internationalization and Localization	Potentially altering images and logos containing text to contain translations or generic icons.
Internationalization and Localization	Different translation length and differences in character sizes can cause layouts that work well in one language to work poorly in others.
Internationalization and Localization	Computer software can encounter differences above and beyond straightforward translation of words and phrases, because computer programs can generate content dynamically.
Internationalization and Localization	For internationalization, UTC is often used internally and then converted into a local time zone for display purposes.
Internationalization and Localization	Already in the 1990s, companies such as Bull used machine translation (Systran) in large scale, for all their translation activity: human translators handled pre-editing (making the input machine-readable) and post-editing.
Internationalization and Localization	Both in re-engineering an existing software or designing a new internationalized software, the first step of internationalization is to split each potentially locale-dependent part (whether code, text or data) into a separate module.
Internationalization and Localization	Once properly internationalized, software can rely on more decentralized models for localization: free and open source software usually rely on self-localization by end-users and volunteers, sometimes organized in teams.
Internationalization and Localization	The localisation process is most generally related to the cultural adaptation and translation of software, video games, and websites, as well as audio/voiceover, video, or other multimedia content, and less frequently to any written translation which may also involve cultural adaptation processes.
Internationalization and Localization	Website localization involves adapting any text being used into the language of the country.
Internationalization and Localization	The actual localization, which includes translation but also involves all other efforts and activities to ensure that the adaptation of textual materials, visual displays, illustrations and graphics are “linguistically and culturally appropriate for the target locale.” 
Internationalization and Localization	Among the many technical elements which can be localized are: date and time formats, currency formats, number formats, address and telephone number formats, units of measure and connection speed.
Internationalization and Localization	In order to ensure effective communication during the localization process, it is important to consider the following items: information architecture, theme and navigation, graphics, photographs, audio, and visual.
Internationalization and Localization	The internationalization, which involves making sure that the software being used is fully compatible with the technology of the country in question.
Internationalization and Localization	Comments and feedback are often a vital part of a website. Localization efforts usually only include censorship. This can be done largely by software, however human review is sometimes necessary.
Internationalization and Localization	Internationalization (I18N) best practices allow software developers and programmers to write better applications to achieve the efficiency of the downstream localization process.
Internationalization and Localization	Products need to be developed in different language versions to meet the needs of users in different regions and languages.
Internationalization and Localization	In the process of software design and document development, the function and code design can handle multiple languages and cultural customs. When creating different language versions, there is no need to redesign the software engineering method of the source code.