Look and Feel	The interface shall have a simple look. In the interface and usability survey 90% of beta testers must report that the interface is adequately simple.
Look and Feel	The user interface shall have standard menus buttons for navigation
Look and Feel	The system interface will use CCR nomenclature. The system must use the same nomenclature used in the existing WCS system and reports
Look and Feel	Each page shall contain a navigation menu which shows the index into which the current page is contained.
Look and Feel	The interface must summarize the data in a fashion that appealing to CCR management. Every report type must have at least one high level summary shown in the results dashboard/interface
Look and Feel	The intranet pages should display appropriately in all resolutions from 800x600 and higher. The display of all the pages will be correct in 95% of the resolutions prior to implementation. The remaining 5% will be corrected within a week of notification of the incorrect display.
Look and Feel	The message board shall contain the 5 most recently posted messages on the league page. The messages will contain up to the first 150 characters of the message.
Look and Feel	The system shall be displayable on any work computer a CCR user may have. The system interface shall be formatted to display at 800 by 600 pixel resolution.
Look and Feel	Each page shall contain a similar format with action items in one location and navigation buttons in a different location.
Look and Feel	The product shall comply with corporate color scheme
Look and Feel	The website should have an African feel but should not alienate non-Africans. The website should use animation on pages which are describing the services to grab the users attention and encourage them to sign up.
Look and Feel	The Disputes application shall comply with the corporate standards for user interface creation for internally and externally used applications.
Look and Feel	The website should appeal to all Africans not only Nigerians.
Look and Feel	The website design should be modern clean and concise.
Look and Feel	The product shall comply with corporate User Interface Guidelines
Look and Feel	The product shall comply with City of Chicago Application Development Guide Framework.Application Development Framework will provide structured Graphical User Interface.
Look and Feel	The look and feel of the system shall conform to the user interface standards of the smart device.
Look and Feel	The website shall be attractive to all audiences. The website shall appear to be fun and the colors should be bright and vibrant.
Look and Feel	The product shall provide GUI based Monitoring Services.System Administrators shall monitor message exchanges will predict and determine problems and will also provide internal and external support.
Look and Feel	When a ship is sunk the product shall simulate the sound of a sinking ship.
Look and Feel	All screens created as part of the Disputes application must comply with corporate standards for interface creation.
Look and Feel	When a shot is marked as a hit the product shall simulate the sound of a shot hitting its target.
Look and Feel	The product shall have a consistent color scheme and fonts.
Look and Feel	The product shall simulate the look of ships at sea.
Look and Feel	When the offensive player takes a shot the product shall simulate the sound of a ship at sea.
Look and Feel	The product shall display the grids within a circle as a view from a periscope.
Look and Feel	The appearance of the product shall appear professional
Look and Feel	The product must comply with the intranet page standards and requirements of ENET Securities. 95% of the product look & feel will be approved by the Architecture group prior to implementation. The remaining 5% will be corrected and approved within one month of product release.
Look and Feel	The system shall have a professional appearance
Look and Feel	The application shall match the color of the schema set forth by Department of Homeland Security