Performance	The maximum wait time for a user navigating from one screen to another within the Disputes application shall be no more than 5 seconds.
Performance	System shall let Izogn Manager access sales and usage statistics in under 2 minutes.
Performance	System shall let customers register on the website as a unlimited movie subscriber?user in under 10 minutes.
Performance	When purchasing a streaming movie or pre-paid card via credit card the processing time should have a maximum response time of 15 seconds.
Performance	For leads that process longer than 25 seconds the system will record the event and duration
Performance	No lead evaluation will complete in a time period longer than 25 seconds for 97% of all leads processed.
Performance	The product shall synchronize with the office system every hour.
Performance	The recycled parts audit report shall be returned to the user within 10 seconds. The audit report shall be returned within 10 seconds.
Performance	System shall let the administrator add/remove categories on the website in under 5 minutes.
Performance	Izogn Administrator must be able to add new products to the website within 2 minutes.
Performance	The product shall process messages within 2 seconds.The product shall have a maximum message processing time of 2 seconds
Performance	The System shall allow for a minimum of 6 users to work at the same time.
Performance	The product shall provide Dynamic Change Support and Transparent resource addition.The product shall support Transparent Resource addition and Dynamic Change support to provide scalability and avoid service interruptions of more than 1 day.
Performance	Izogn Administrator must be able to update the category listings on the website within 2 minutes.
Performance	The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved within 5 seconds. The save shall occur within 5 seconds.
Performance	The CMA report shall be returned no later 60 seconds after the user has entered the CMA report criteria.
Performance	System shall let administrators generate unique pre-paid pins in under 2 minutes and generate an Excel file with the generated PINs.
Performance	The response shall be fast enough to avoid interrupting the user flow of thought. 90% of tasks shall complete within 5 seconds. 98% of tasks shall complete within 8 seconds.
Performance	On a 112k connection or faster the system response time for all operations must be no more than 3 seconds 90% of the time.
Performance	Customer shall be able to check the status of their prepaid card by entering in the PIN number in under 5 seconds.
Performance	The application shall be able to complete every user transaction within one fourth of a second of receiving the request over the network.
Performance	Staff members shall be able to complete a set of tasks in a timely manner.
Performance	The search for the preferred repair facility shall take no longer than 8 seconds. The preferred repair facility is returned within 8 seconds
Performance	System shall let administrator de-activate a customer account in under 1 minute. Customer will no longer be able to access the website.
Performance	Recreation of Inventory Quantity Adjustment for the period of previous 30 days shall take no more than 30min.
Performance	The product shall able to handle a large number of games simultaneously.
Performance	The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game. The response time shall be no more than 2 seconds for 95% of responses and no more than 4% for the remaining responses.
Performance	The product shall respond fast to keep up-to-date data in the display.
Performance	The search for recycled parts shall take no longer than 15 seconds. The search results shall be returned in under 15 seconds.
Performance	The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game. The response time shall be no more than 2 seconds for 95% of responses and no more than 4% for the remaining responses.
Performance	System shall let customers cancel their account process shall take no longer than 2 minutes. Database will mark the account as inactive and user will not be able to log into the website.
Performance	The product shall synchronize contacts and appointments in an acceptable time.
Performance	System shall let existing customers log into the website with their email address and password in under 5 seconds.
Performance	Total lead cycle time must be completed in 5 minutes for 90% of lead volume between the business hours of 8AM CST to 8PM CST; then 3 minutes for 99% of lead volume during off business hours.
Performance	System shall let customers register on the website as a pay as you go?user in under 5 minutes.
Performance	Administrator shall be able to activate a pre-paid card via the Administration section in under 5 seconds.
Performance	The response time of general student management tasks shall take no longer than 5 seconds and the response time of schedule generation shall take no longer than 30 seconds.
Performance	The process must fit within the processing time conditions set forth by the Auto Rep Assignment process in which a lead is assigned within 3 minutes of the total life cycle.
Performance	The product shall poll the system for messages every second.The product shall poll the system for new messages at a maximum of every 1 second.
Performance	The search results shall be returned no later 30 seconds after the user has entered the search criteria
Performance	The system shall refresh the display every 60 seconds.
Performance	The product shall provide Asynchronous Messaging.The product shall provide asynchronous messaging to enable parallel processing and reduce the overhead in communications
Performance	The system shall be responsive. At the DePaul TeleServices Center when a supervisor uses the system to view a callers schedule the system response time must be no more than 2 seconds 90% of the time and no more than 5 seconds the rest of the time.