Privacy	In the business world, a person may volunteer personal details, including for advertising, in order to receive some sort of benefit. Public figures may be subject to rules on the public interest. Personal information which is voluntarily shared but subsequently stolen or misused can lead to identity theft.
Privacy	The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures.
Privacy	In recent years, with the emergence of cloud services, a large amount of personal privacy data is stored in cyberspace, which greatly increases the probability of privacy leakage.
Privacy	In February 2019, 2.7 million medical recording files in Canada were leaked. In the United States, the private data of 974,000 American patients were leaked due to server configuration errors.
Privacy	In April 2019, a database managed by an Indian health care institution was connected to an external network without password protection, resulting in the disclosure of 12.5 million Indian pregnant women's records.
Privacy	On December 30, 2019, the user received an email from the Poloniex cryptocurrency exchange, which informed the user that the company had a data breach, including user names, passwords and other information may be leaked.
Privacy	According to tripwire, catering, hotel and entertainment company Landry notified customers of security incidents involving unauthorized access, including the leakage of credit card numbers, expiration dates, CVC codes, and cardholder names, which may affect its payment card data.
Privacy	According to information published on its official website, Almex, the company behind HappyHotel, stated that on December 22 last year, the company detected unauthorized access to its servers, which led to the disclosure of a large number of users' sensitive information.
Privacy	Recently, Active Network, a provider of American educational institutions, announced that its accounting software Blue Bear for schools has discovered a major security breach and a large amount of user information has been leaked.
Privacy	Online retailer Focus Camera suffered a hacker attack and was injected with malicious code by Magecart Group to steal user credit card information.
Privacy	Alomere Health Hospital in Minnesota, USA was exposed to a data breach. It is reported that this leak exposed the personal and medical information of 49,351 patients.
Privacy	According to Security Affairs reports, 49 million user records of US data broker LimeLeads were sold on a hacker forum. These data were made public on the Elasticsearch server, resulting in the disclosure of a large amount of sensitive personal information of users.
Privacy	P&N Bank in Western Australia suffered a cyber attack during the server upgrade and a data breach occurred. In this attack, personal information and sensitive account information in the bank's customer relationship management system were leaked. Hackers stole the information of 100,000 Western Australians from the cyber attack.
Privacy	On January 15, it was reported by the media that PlanetDrugsDirect, a Canadian online pharmacy, notified customers of a data breach via email.
Privacy	The notice stated that the data breach may affect sensitive personal and financial information of customers.
Privacy	PlanetDrugsDirect has approximately 400,000 customers, and the leaked data this time includes names, residential addresses, email addresses, etc.
Privacy	Security researchers at VPN Mentor said that they found a data breach in PussyCash's Amazon S3 bucket in Virginia, containing 19.95GB of visible data.
Privacy	Hanna Andersson, a famous American children's clothing manufacturer and online retailer, disclosed a data breach. Its online shopping platform was attacked by Magecart. Hackers deployed malicious code to steal payment information from customers for nearly two months.
Privacy	The official website of the Ukrainian government recruitment portal was exposed recently. It is reported that a member of the Ukrainian Cyber Alliance non-profit organization took the lead in discovering the data breach and reporting it to the National Security and Defense Commission.
Privacy	Foreign media disclosed that the database used for medical and recreational cannabis dispensaries in the United States had a data breach in the THSuite sales system, affecting 30,000 users.
Privacy	SextPanther, headquartered in Arizona, USA, suffered a serious data breach, causing the private information of thousands of people to be exposed.
Privacy	An Elasticsearch database leaked, including 2.7 billion email addresses, of which 1 billion passwords were stored in simple plaintext, involving many domestic Internet companies.
Privacy	On February 13, Register reported that details of nearly 617 million online accounts were sold on the dark web, and these accounts were stolen from 16 websites by hackers. Among them, the most leaked data is Dubsmash, with 162 million account information leaked.
Privacy	On January 10th, HackenProof security researcher Bob Diachenko discovered that the detailed resumes of more than 202 million Chinese job applicants in the MongoDB database had been published online, suspecting that a third-party application had leaked.
Privacy	On May 24, independent security reporter Brian Krebs revealed that 885 million sensitive customer financial records of American real estate and title insurance giant First American were leaked.
Privacy	In January 2018, a mobile phone manufacturer issued a statement stating that the credit card information of 40,000 consumers was stolen by unknown hackers between November 2017 and January 11, 2018.
Privacy	In September of this year, Facebook broke out that it was hacked due to security system vulnerabilities, resulting in the disclosure of 30 million user information.
Privacy	Facebook may have leaked the private photos of 68 million users due to software bugs.
Privacy	In the Android system that oot has used, extremely private data such as which applications, address book lists, and call records have been installed by users may be collected in the background and sold on the black market.
Privacy	The program will be decompiled to cause the leakage of sensitive data. Ctrip leaked the user's bank card information because the user's credit card information was recorded in the log. The log leak caused the user's credit card to be leaked, causing serious problems such as theft.
Privacy	The user password inscription is stored in the database. After the database is leaked, the user password is also leaked, and now most users are accustomed to using a unified password, resulting in a leak.
Privacy	The database should be closed from the external network to prevent hackers from directly attacking the database to cause data leakage, and for complex multi-site business systems, single-point authentication should be implemented.