Response Time	The response time is demanding. Starting from the mobile phone call, passing through the base station, core network, and then to the called mobile phone ringing, the processing time of the entire system should be within the user's acceptable range.
Response Time	Verifying the concurrent processing capability of the system generally involves establishing a large number of concurrent connections with the server, and judging by the response time of the client and the performance detection of the server to determine whether the system has reached the established concurrency index.
Response Time	View the time it takes for the user to execute the business process and get the response from the server.
Response Time	Perform regression testing to compare the new and old versions of hardware or software, and you can view the impact of software or hardware upgrades on response time (benchmark) and reliability.
Response Time	In this process, the response time first maintains a small increase, and after reaching the throughput limit, it rises rapidly. After reaching the system crash point, the system loses response.
Response Time	The test program calculates the system response time by simulating the application program and recording the time difference between receiving the response and sending the request.
Response Time	The usual method in practice is to repeat the request. For example, a request operation is repeated 10,000 times, and the total response time required for 10,000 executions is tested, and then divided by 10,000 to get the response time of a single request.
Response Time	When it is known that the number of online users is 10,000 before the test, the purpose of the performance test can be set to detect whether the average response time of a typical software transaction meets the index value of less than 5 seconds.
Response Time	The throughput of this door is 1 person/sec. The average response time for 5 people to pass this door is (1+2+3+4+5)/5=3 seconds.
Response Time	The following figure shows the response process of a typical interactive system (Web system). From the time the user clicks on the page to make a request, to the end of the page rendering and returning data, the time consumed by the whole process is the response time the user feels.
Response Time	The system must realize the function of "a certain business" and be able to support more than 1000 concurrent users. The average response time should be less than 1 second, and the maximum response time should be less than 5 seconds.
Response Time	Different computer systems have different requirements for system response time. For example, in commonly used network software such as browser software, the response time can be at the s level. In the field of automation industrial control, the response time unit is usually ms. The field of power electronic computer control needs to reach ns level.
Response Time	In order to test the application system, the relevant indicators of the performance test should be accurately described, such as the system response time within 100 ms, and the system stable operation time of no less than 24 hours.
Response Time	Users feel that the system's immediate response time ranges from 0.1 to 1 second, and users will notice the delay if it exceeds 1 second.
Response Time	The system logged in to 200 concurrent users within 1 hour, inquired about the media interface, and inquired about the performance test of the common interface, which was reflected in the throughput and average transaction response time of the system.
Response Time	With 200 concurrent users, the system tested the response time of 200 users concurrently querying common pages and querying multimedia pages in one hour. The average response time of the system was less than 60s, which met the requirements of the system response time.
Response Time	It is determined that the effective average 1s response time of a dollar bill is not reached. It takes 10s to respond.
Response Time	After the programmer completed the modification, he found that the average response time was still over 4.5s, not close to the specified 1s. The problem lies in the image recognition algorithm.
Response Time	Improve the performance of existing code through application tuning, reduce total resource requirements, and shorten total response time.
Response Time	It is better to highlight the response time of a few major business transactions, rather than paste the response time page directly into the report.
Response Time	The response time of the system does not exceed 3 seconds
Response Time	Fast response time is usually the key task and the key to project success, especially for network-based information systems.
Response Time	In many cases, people expect to keep the resource occupancy rate below a certain threshold, such as 80%. If the overall occupancy rate is too high, the response time may reach an undesirable peak due to the congestion effect.
Response Time	The response time should be as short as possible. For 95% of the requests in the expected work, the response time should be less than 60 seconds.
Response Time	The 90% response time for user registration, login, and access to all files is less than 10 milliseconds. The 90% response time refers to the time when the next response appears after 90% of the responses appear.
Response Time	The simulation results show that calling the IDownload interface through the ReEncoder component leads to a long download response time, so the ReEncoder component is the bottleneck of the system.
Response Time	One interface call in microservices involves multiple dependent services, and each dependent service takes different time. Therefore, it is very particular about setting the timeout time. First, there must be a one-size-fits-all attitude, that is, the response of each interface The time cannot exceed the threshold.
Response Time	After an application function is split into multiple services, the functions that can be completed by calling one interface now need to call multiple services. If you call them one by one in order, the interface after using microservices will have a longer response time than the original interface. Longer, so the original serial call service needs to be modified to parallel call.
Response Time	The time from when the user triggers a page request to when the page is fully displayed.
Response Time	For the user, when the user clicks a button, sends an instruction or clicks a link on the web page, from the time the user clicks to the application system displays the results of this operation in a way that the user can perceive, this process The time consumed is the user's intuitive impression of the software's performance.
Response Time	For a tax reporting system, users of the system use it once a month and spend 3 hours at a time for data entry. When the user clicks the "Submit" button, the system will give a message of "Processing successful" after 10 minutes.