Stability	 It means much of the objects will be stable over time and will not need changes.
Stability	The stability of the software is the robustness of the software itself under the operating environment.
Stability	From the perspective of software development, the stability of software emphasizes the stability of software architecture, which means that changes in requirements and codes have as little impact as possible on the software system. This is also the primary task of architecture design.
Stability	When all the paths of the software are traveled in advance, all possible data are executed once, and all possible external influences are experienced, then the software will be stable.
Stability	The software's error probability, performance degradation trend, etc. within a running cycle and under certain pressure conditions.
Stability	The system has been running very well, but some strange problems occasionally occur, but the cause can not be found, and it returns to normal after restarting or reinstalling, which is testing the stability of the system.
Stability	The designer fully considers the relationship between the various modules of the system, reduces the degree of coupling, and isolates the problem.
Stability	The stability of the software system is mainly determined by the overall system architecture design. However, the details of the programming cannot be ignored. As the so-called "the bank of a thousand miles is collapsed in an ant's nest", once it is not considered properly, seemingly irrelevant code fragments may be Bring the collapse of the overall software system.
Stability	Using relatively cheap server hardware, using application software that often crashes, it can still run stably and reliably 7*24 hours. This is because the architecture is better so that some deliberate redundancy capabilities can be used to improve its stability.
Stability	As long as there is no BUG after the overall test, the system is credible, stable, and commercially available.
Stability	If the stability of a software is 90%, it means that the software cannot be used for 5 weeks a year, and this quality is basically unacceptable.
Stability	The stability of 99% means that while the software is running, there are only 3 or 4 days in a year that can not run.
Stability	99.9% stability, which means that in 365 days a year, the total time allowed for software failure is only over 8 hours.
Stability	To achieve this kind of stability, in addition to redundant design, the necessary automatic detection and automatic switching systems are also necessary, otherwise it is almost impossible to achieve 99.9% stability.
Stability	Generally speaking, stability guarantee refers to the guarantee that the system can provide continuous and reliable service capabilities even in the face of various extreme situations or emergencies during operation and maintenance.
Stability	How complex requirements, good design, strict and comprehensive testing and verification, continuous operation and maintenance, iteration, refactoring, upgrade, and experienced R&D and maintenance teams are indispensable. The aviation industry takes safety as the highest criterion, and we take System stability is the bottom line.
Stability	Good quality assurance is an important foundation to ensure the stable operation of the system. Just like the quality control in the aircraft manufacturing process, every component is refined, and after completion, it will also be tested and verified to cover every detail. Every iteration of our Every change needs to be covered by a complete quality assurance system.
Stability	Smoke test is a set of test cases used to confirm that the system is in a stable state, all main functions are available, and can be run under "normal" conditions.
Stability	By accurately mastering the data, the staff can also discover the problems in the system in time, and can adopt appropriate solutions to deal with them, so as to continuously improve the comprehensiveness and stability of the software, thereby effectively improving the quality of software engineering.
Stability	A software company also applied this technology to system testing before software operation, to verify the overall operation effect of the system and enhance its stability and reliability.
Stability	Data mining technology can be applied when mining execution records, which can not only effectively maintain system code, accurately filter information, but also enhance the stability of the software.
Stability	The system is deviated from the normal state due to some interference. When the interference is eliminated, if the disturbance of the system gradually converges and finally returns to the normal state, the system is stable. On the contrary, if the deviation of the system becomes larger and larger, it is unstable.
Stability	For the classic transfer function software system, we generally refer to the stability of BIBO, that is, the stability of bounded input and bounded output.
Stability	With the increasing complexity of software, the guarantee of stability becomes more and more difficult. As the scale of services becomes larger and larger, the importance of stability becomes higher.
Stability	When the system business functions include the transmission of attachments and pictures, it needs to provide stable and fast transmission efficiency, and support the ability to upload and download multiple attachments and multiple pictures concurrently.
Stability	The system needs to make reasonable use of resources to ensure the efficiency of front-end and back-end data operations, and in terms of data response and interface loading, there will be no interface confusion, data errors, missing trigger button functions, frequent operations, or quick and easy crashes.
Stability	System stability (including safety and performance, etc.) is the back line of defense of the product, and a slight mistake will cause great damage to the product. Therefore, development efficiency and system stability are the two most important indicators to measure the maturity of Internet system development.
Stability	Although the stability of the OA system is a concern for many users in OA selection, the average user only considers the stability of the system from the perspective of OA products. In fact, there are many factors that affect the stable operation of the OA system.
Stability	The more individual needs of users, the more custom-developed content, and custom-developed functions are generally newly developed, without repeated testing and operation, and the stability is relatively poor.
Stability	This agent can help grid operators maintain network stability. Only when the voltage exceeds the upper limit, the software will intervene.