System Integrability	Bringing together the component sub-systems into one system (an aggregation of subsystems cooperating so that the system is able to deliver the overarching functionality) and ensuring that the subsystems function together as a system.
System Integrability	In information technology as the process of linking together different computing systems and software applications physically or functionally, to act as a coordinated whole.
System Integrability	Systems integrators function as a designer, bringing together a wide array of components from various manufacturers to accomplish the goal of creating a unified, functioning system that meets the needs of the client.
System Integrability	Data integration involves combining data residing in different sources and providing users with a unified view of them.
System Integrability	The core idea of Artificial Intelligence systems integration is making individual software components, such as speech synthesizers, interoperable with other components, such as common sense knowledgebases, in order to create larger, broader and more capable A.I. systems.
System Integrability	The process of integrating the components of the sub-system to form a single system, and it is necessary to ensure that the functions of all the sub-systems can operate smoothly under the single system.
System Integrability	The purpose of linking different information communication system equipment and their software and applications is to make them functionally or physically appear as a single system.
System Integrability	The completion of the system integration of Airport A by a certain industry does not mean that it can be directly applied to Airport B, because no airport is the same.
System Integrability	Integrate electronic products, optoelectronic products, communication products, and even biotechnology products to form a comprehensive product with complete functions.
System Integrability	Mother board is the CPU, North bridge, South bridge and dozens of other integrated circuits with different functions mounted on a printed circuit board, and then packaged in a computer shell.
System Integrability	A smart phone installs a microprocessor and dozens of other integrated circuits with different functions on a printed circuit board, and then integrates components such as touch panels, liquid crystal displays, buttons, microphones, and speakers.
System Integrability	Integrating several chips with different functions into a SoC chip with complete system functions, and then packaged into an integrated circuit, this will not only reduce the size, but also save power.
System Integrability	As an important part and basic capability of system integration, multi-source data integration is regarded by more developers and corporate IT decision-makers as a necessary function of low-code development platform products.