Usability	The system shall be intuitive and self explanatory.
Usability	An anonymous survey will show that 95% of customers are comfortable using and purchasing pre-paid cards after a month of using the system.
Usability	The interface shall be easy to use. 90% of users should be able to successfully use the system to generate a report on their first use. The interface should adhere to IBM usability standards.
Usability	The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. : 90% of new users shall be able to start the display of Events or Activities within 90 minutes of using the product.
Usability	The system shall help the user avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the nursing students.
Usability	The WCS system shall use appropriate nomenclature and terminology as defined by the Corporate Community Grants organization. All interfaces and reports will undergo usability tests by CCR users.
Usability	All of the users shall be able to use the system after one day of training.
Usability	The product shall use a standard navigation menu familiar to most web users.
Usability	The application shall ask the user to confirm dropping a player or trading a player before performing the action.
Usability	The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. Nine out ten users shall be able to successfully complete a game with no training.
Usability	The product shall conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Usability	The product shall be installed by an untrained realtor without recourse to separately-printed instructions.
Usability	2 out of 3 Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall successfully be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classes and clinicals.
Usability	The product shall give users feedback when necessary. 80% of the users surveyed report that the product accurately confirms their actions.
Usability	The product shall allow for customization of start page and views preferences.
Usability	The product shall allow the user to select a chosen language from one of the target market countries.
Usability	Rreports must be easy to generate. eports must be generated within one button click and exported within one button click (after selecting the report)
Usability	The users should be able to easily use the system to successfully complete their budgets within the stipulated time for completion. With a week of training prior to product implementation 98% of the users shall complete their budgets within the stipulated time.
Usability	The product shall be easy for customers with novice skills on the Internet to purchase and watch streaming movies. Customers should be able to purchase and watch a pre-determined movie in under 3 minutes.
Usability	100% of the cardmember and merchant services representatives shall use the Disputes application regularly after a 2-day training course.
Usability	If projected the data must be readable. On a 10x10 projection screen 90% of viewers must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of 30
Usability	The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the user community.
Usability	The product shall be easy for a realtor to learn.
Usability	The verbiage used within the system shall be consistent with Standard English and the terminology of the national Nursing Community.
Usability	100% of merchant services representatives shall be able to successfully perform a follow up action on a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
Usability	A new user shall be able to navigate through the league and team pages within 30 seconds of reaching the start-up page.
Usability	90% of untrained realtors shall be able to install the product on their device without printed instructions
Usability	The system shall be intuitive to the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
Usability	The user shall easily locate instructions while using the product. User help can be found within 90% of the system.
Usability	The product shall be translated into foreign languages other than the target market countries?languages in future releases. For each emerging target market it shall take no more than 5 days to configure the product for that market language.
Usability	The list of dispute cases that are displayed after a search is performed must be color coded for easy identification of dispute cases based upon the dispute case status.
Usability	The system shall be easy to use by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors must be able to accomplish any system task within 2 minutes.
Usability	The product shall provide Error Tracking Services.The product shall help the System Administrators and DBAs to resolve transaction errors 99% of the time.
Usability	All CCR users shall receive training before the WCS system is deployed. One training session will be held for 100% of CCR users before system deployment (based on a CCR user being available)
Usability	The product shall be able to display calendar dates and times according to the user locale. 90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the date and time formatting of the product is correct.
Usability	If projected the data must be understandable. On a 10x10 projection screen 90% of viewers must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of 100
Usability	The number of mistakes noted by the students shall be decreased by 50% in the first year.
Usability	The system shall be easy to learn by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors shall learn how to use the system within 10 minutes.
Usability	The product shall be easy to learn by Adjusters and Collision Estimators. The product shall be learned with two days onsite training
Usability	The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the realtor community.
Usability	Users shall feel satisfied using the product. 85% of all users will be satisfied with the product.
Usability	Every registered user will have access to the product support site via the Internet. 70% of registered users shall find a solution to their problem within 5 minutes of using the support site.
Usability	The product shall be available to players who understand English Spanish and French. The product shall allow the user to select the language upon accessing the product.
Usability	The product shall be easy to use by Adjusters and Collision Estimators. 95% of Adjusters and Collision Estimators shall find the product easy to use.
Usability	100% of cardmember services representatives shall be able to successfully create a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
Usability	The system shall be easy to use by the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
Usability	The product should be able to be used by 90% of novice users on the Internet.
Usability	Users shall be able to reach the add? drop? and erade player?pages with one click from the team owner page.
Usability	A user shall be able to use the system without instruction after a short amount of time. After one use a user should understand and remember 90% of the system usage and navigation.
Usability	The system shall be used by realtors with no training.
Usability	Users shall be able to view at least 25 NFL player statistics and points on each page.
Usability	The website will use standard Internet conventions when interacting with the user.
Usability	The product shall retain the customer buying preferences and information.